Fixing typos and grammar (#141)
pedropark99/zig-book: Chapters/01-base64.qmd

to complete the window of 24 bits that the base64 algorithm likes to work on. The first thing that
the algorithm does, is to check how to divide the input bytes into groups of 6 bits.

> If the algorithm notices that there is a group of 6 bits that have some bits in it, but, at the same time it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the algorithm notices that there is a group of 6 bits that it's not complete, meaning that, this group contains $nbits$, where $0 < nbits < 6$,

```

> not full—lacking some bits to fill the 6-bits requirement ($0 < nbits < 6$, being $nbits$ the number of bits),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
